update tests for webpack 5 (#395)
GoogleChromeLabs/tooling.report: tests/non-js-resources/subtests/image/subtests/url/webpack/index.md

result: pass
---

> Webpack's module type `asset/resource` allows importing any file into the dependency graph, emitting it to disk with a configurable templated name. The result of the import is the final URL of the file as a String.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Webpack's [`"asset/resource"` module type ](https://webpack.js.org/guides/asset-modules/#resource-assets) allows referencing any file via `new URL`. This adds the referenced asset to the dependency graph and emits it to disk, replacing `new URL` references with the corresponding generated asset URLs.
```
